---
layout: nyc
day: "01"
title:  "Restart"
date:   2018-01-01 15:47:00
categories: nyc
image: /img/nyc/???.jpg
permalink:
---
Today is the thirtieth January 1st I've lived to see. Another new year. Twenty Eighteen. What a time to be alive.

In the spirit of hoping that 2018 is the most productive, and purposeful year of my life, I wanted Jan 1 to represent what I hope every day of the year to feel like.

1. Physical Health (going to a yoga class tonight, I recently started Classpass and enjoying it quite a bit)
2. Music Production (can I actually finish a song today? Call it finished? Walk away and put it out?)
3. Spending time with people I love (got to spend the day with Taylor, plan for the year, take down the christmas tree)
4. Being kind and generous (even when it's inconvenient)

One quick honesty check: would I have added that last one if Darren didn't just in the cafe and ask me for money? "Excuse me, happy holidays. I'm homeless and I need a coat and a Honey Maple ham sandwich." I will admit the specificity made me a bit annoyed because does he have the right to ask for a menu item? Do I have the right to be annoyed that someone who says he's homeless can't also have a particular meal he wants to eat? Is he even homeless? I have seen him around the neighborhood quite a few times - every time I have he's usually asking the people on the street to donate to his cause. I guess I may not trust him, trust that he actually needs what he says he needs.

When I was an active christian, I was taught that it wasn't my place to judge, but just to be generous in giving if I had something to give. Take care of others without thinking about how the scales would balance. This is a beautiful recipe for a life full of charity towards the human-family. But now that my trust in a God that will sort it all out isn't as simple as it was, I do more thinking and balancing my own scales. I'm not hesitant at all to admit that I enjoy a large amount of privilege (tall white sys male). I also do my best to work hard and try to improve my situation everyday and I don't see an option in doing so is do ask others on the street to give me their hard earned money. But WTF me, aren't I just a beggar to my boss? Depending on a job to look after me? Depending on clients for my Honey Maple Ham Sandwich?

Shit, I don't know. I don't ever REALLY know. But I am trying to navigate my new world where I live in one of the most busy and hectic cities in the world in an era of my life where I no longer have clear black and white answers for what's correct and what is wrong. Is my "scraping by" anywhere close to Darren's? No matter what his situation actually is, I think the answer is definitely no.

I've lived in New York for nearly a year (moved here Jan 11 2017) and it's been a wild and wondrous ride so far. I'm pleased to still be here and fighting and riding it's winds as they rip through the alleys.

2018 Theme - Create not consume.
Let's see how much great music I can release in the world this year, and if I can write every day to practice the craft of self-understanding and expression. I also hope this is not a daily journal per se, but a record of each day as the unique beasts that they are - some are creative fires, some will be highly reflective, and others will be carefree expressions of nowness.

Qs:
- Should I have (a) given money to Darren, (b) bought him his sandwich, or (c) pretended to not hear?
- Why am I scared to release music?
- How am I 30 years old and still struggling with personal time management?


///



XOXO

Spencer
---
